h1. Groupsh2. /groups.:formath3. GETReturns the list of groups.This endpoint requires admin privileges.+Example+:  GET /groups.xml+Response+:<pre><groups type="array">  <group>    <id>53</id>    <name>Managers</name>  </group>  <group>    <id>55</id>    <name>Developers</name>  </group></groups></pre>h3. POSTCreates a group.This endpoint requires admin privileges.+Parameters+:* @group@ (required): a hash of the group attributes, including:  * @name@ (required): the group name  * @user_ids@: ids of the group users (an empty group is created if not provided)+Example+:<pre>POST /groups.xml<group>  <name>Developers</name>  <user_ids type="array">    <user_id>3</user_id>    <user_id>5</user_id>  </user_ids></group></pre><pre>POST /groups.json{  "group": {    "name": "Developers",    "user_ids": [ 3, 5 ]  }}</pre>+Response+:  * @201 Created@: group was created  * @422 Unprocessable Entity@: group was not created due to validation failures (response body contains the error messages)h2. /groups/:id.:formath3. GETReturns details of a group.This endpoint requires admin privileges.+Parameters+:* @include@ (optional): a coma separated list of associations to include in the response:  * @users@  * @memberships@+Example+:  GET /groups/20.xml?include=users+Response+:<pre><group>  <id>20</id>  <name>Developers</name>  <users type="array">    <user id="5" name="John Smith"/>    <user id="8" name="Dave Loper"/>  </users></group></pre>h3. PUTUpdates an existing group.This endpoint requires admin privileges.h3. DELETEDeletes an existing group.This endpoint requires admin privileges.h2. /groups/:id/users.:formath3. POSTAdds an existing user to a group.This endpoint requires admin privileges.+Parameters+:* @user_id@ (required): id of the user to add to the group.+Example+:<pre>POST /groups/10/users.xml<user_id>5</user_id></pre>+Response+:* @204 No Content@: user was added to the grouph2. /groups/:id/users/:user_id.:formath3. DELETERemoves a user from a group.This endpoint requires admin privileges.+Example+:<pre>DELETE /groups/10/users/5.xml</pre>+Response+:* @204 No Content@: user was removed to the group