h1. Issue Relationsh2. /issues/:issue_id/relations.:formath3. GETReturns the relations for the issue of given id (:issue_id).+XML example+:<pre>GET /issues/8470/relations.xml</pre>+Response+:<pre><code class="xml"><?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><relations type="array">  <relation>    <id>1819</id>    <issue_id>8470</issue_id>    <issue_to_id>8469</issue_to_id>    <relation_type>relates</relation_type>    <delay/>  </relation>  <relation>    <id>1820</id>    <issue_id>8470</issue_id>    <issue_to_id>8467</issue_to_id>    <relation_type>relates</relation_type>    <delay/>  </relation></relations></code></pre>+json example+:<pre>GET /issues/8470/relations.json</pre>+Response+:<pre><code class="json">{    "relations": [        {            "delay": null,            "id": 1819,            "issue_id": 8470,            "issue_to_id": 8469,            "relation_type": "relates"        },        {            "delay": null,            "id": 1820,            "issue_id": 8470,            "issue_to_id": 8467,            "relation_type": "relates"        }    ]}</code></pre>Note: when getting an issue, relations can also be retrieved in a single request using @/issues/:id.:format?include=relations@.h3. POSTCreates a relation for the issue of given id (:issue_id).+Parameters+:* @relation@ (required): a hash of the relation attributes, including:  * @issue_to_id@ (required): the id of the related issue  * @relation_type@ (required to explicit : default "relates"): the type of relation (in: "relates", "duplicates", "duplicated", "blocks", "blocked", "precedes", "follows", "copied_to", "copied_from")  * @delay@ (optional): the delay for a "precedes" or "follows" relation+Response+:  * @201 Created@: relation was created  * @422 Unprocessable Entity@: relation was not created due to validation failures (response body contains the error messages)+Examples+:<pre>POST /issues/83/relations.xml</pre><pre><code class="xml"><?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><relation>  <issue_to_id>82</issue_to_id>  <relation_type>relates</relation_type></relation></code></pre><pre>POST /issues/83/relations.json</pre><pre><code class="json">{  "relation": {    "issue_to_id": 82,    "relation_type": "relates"  }}</code></pre>h2. /relations/:id.:formath3. GETReturns the relation of given id.+XML example+:<pre>GET /relations/1819.xml</pre>+Response+:<pre><code class="xml"><?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><relation>  <id>1819</id>  <issue_id>8470</issue_id>  <issue_to_id>8469</issue_to_id>  <relation_type>relates</relation_type>  <delay/></relation></code></pre>+json example+:<pre>GET /relations/1819.json</pre>+Response+:<pre><code class="json">{    "relation": {        "delay": null,        "id": 1819,        "issue_id": 8470,        "issue_to_id": 8469,        "relation_type": "relates"    }}</code></pre>h3. DELETEDeletes the relation of given id.+Response+:  * @204 No Content@: relation was deleted  * @422 Unprocessable Entity@: relation was not deleted (response body contains the error messages)