h1. Issue Categoriesh2. /projects/:project_id/issue_categories.:formath3. GETReturns the issue categories available for the project of given id or identifier (:project_id).+Examples+:<pre>GET /projects/foo/issue_categories.xmlGET /projects/1/issue_categories.xml</pre>+Response+:<pre><?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><issue_categories type="array" total_count="2">  <issue_category>    <id>57</id>    <project name="Foo" id="17"/>    <name>UI</name>    <assigned_to name="John Smith" id="22"/>  </issue_category>  <issue_category>    <id>58</id>    <project name="Foo" id="17"/>    <name>Test</name>  </issue_category></issue_categories></pre>h3. POSTCreates an issue category for the project of given id or identifier (:project_id).+Parameters+:* @issue_category@ (required): a hash of the issue category attributes, including:  * @name@ (required)  * @assigned_to_id@: the id of the user assigned to the category (new issues with this category are assigned by default to this user)+Response+:  * @201 Created@: issue category was created  * @422 Unprocessable Entity@: issue category was not created due to validation failures (response body contains the error messages)h2. /issue_categories/:id.:formath3. GETReturns the issue category of given id.+Example+:<pre>GET /issue_categories/2.xml</pre>+Response+:<pre><?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><issue_category>  <id>2</id>  <project name="Redmine" id="1"/>  <name>UI</name></version></pre>h3. PUTUpdates the issue category of given id+Parameters+:Same as issue category creation+Response+:  * @204 No Content@: issue category was updated  * @422 Unprocessable Entity@: issue category was not updated due to validation failures (response body contains the error messages)h3. DELETEDeletes the issue category of given id.+Parameters+:* @reassign_to_id@ (optional): when there are issues assigned to the category you are deleting, this parameter lets you reassign these issues to the category with this id+Example+:<pre>DELETE /issue_categories/2.xmlDELETE /issue_categories/2.xml?reassign_to_id=1</pre>+Response+:  * @204 No Content@: issue category was deleted