(note: for some versions of Redmine you can need some other extension of path /time_entries.xml, e.g. 2.5 works with *.json http://www.redmine.org/boards/2/topics/48933?r=48934#message-48934 , sometimes in plugins it comes simply without any extension)h1. Time Entriesh2. Listing time entries  GET /time_entries.xmlReturns time entries.+Parameters+:* @offset@* @limit@* @user_id@* @project_id@* @spent_on@* ...h3. @project_id@ filterWhen filtering by project id, you can use either project numeric ID or its string identifier, e.g.<pre>...&project_id=123</pre><pre>...&project_id=my-custom-project</pre>h3. @spent_on@ filterWhen filtering by date, you can require a min / max date with a custom syntax:<pre>/time_entries.json?project_id=338&from=2019-01-01&to=2019-01-03&limit=100 </pre>h2. Showing a time entry  GET /time_entries/[id].xmlReturns the time entry of given id.h2. Creating a time entry  POST /time_entries.xmlCreates a time entry.+Parameters+:* @time_entry@ (required): a hash of the time entry attributes, including:  * @issue_id@ or @project_id@ (only one is required): the issue id or project id to log time on (both are integers); note that project ids can only be found using the API (e.g. at /projects.json)  * @spent_on@: the date the time was spent (default to the current date); format is e.g. @2020-12-24@  * @hours@ (required): the number of spent hours  * @activity_id@: the id of the time activity. This parameter is required unless a default activity is defined in Redmine.  * @comments@: short description for the entry (255 characters max)  * @user_id@: user id to be specified in need of posting time on behalf of another user+Response+:  * @201 Created@: time entry was created  * @422 Unprocessable Entity@: time entry was not created due to validation failures (response body contains the error messages)h2. Updating a time entry  PUT /time_entries/[id].xmlUpdates the time entry of given id.+Parameters+:* @time_entry@ (required): a hash of the time entry attributes (same as above)+Response+:  * @204 No Content@: time entry was updated  * @422 Unprocessable Entity@: time entry was not updated due to validation failures (response body contains the error messages)h2. Deleting a time entry  DELETE /time_entries/[id].xmlDeletes the time entry of given id.