h1. Versionsh2. /projects/:project_id/versions.:formath3. GETReturns the versions available for the project of given id or identifier (:project_id). The response may include shared versions from other projects.+Examples+:<pre>GET /projects/foo/versions.xmlGET /projects/1/versions.xml</pre>+Response+:<pre><code class="xml"><?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><versions type="array" total_count="34">  <version>    <id>1</id>    <project name="Redmine" id="1"/>    <name>0.7</name>    <description/>    <status>closed</status>    <due_date>2008-04-28</due_date>    <sharing>none</sharing>    <created_on>2008-03-09T12:52:06+01:00</created_on>    <updated_on>2009-11-15T12:22:12+01:00</updated_on>    <wiki_page_title>FooBarWikiPage</version_wiki_page_title>  </version>  <version>    <id>2</id>    <project name="Redmine" id="1"/>    <name>0.8</name>    <description/>    <status>closed</status>    <due_date>2008-12-30</due_date>    <sharing>none</sharing>    <wiki_page_title>FooBarWikiPage</version_wiki_page_title>    <created_on>2008-03-09T12:52:12+01:00</created_on>    <updated_on>2009-11-15T12:22:12+01:00</updated_on>  </version></versions></code></pre>h3. POSTCreates a version for the project of given id or identifier (:project_id).+Parameters+:* @version@ (required): a hash of the version attributes, including:  * @name@ (required)  * @status@: the status of the version in: @open (default), locked, closed@  * @sharing@: the version sharing in: @none (default), descendants, hierarchy, tree, system@  * @due_date@  * @description@  * @wiki_page_title@+Response+:  * @201 Created@: version was created  * @422 Unprocessable Entity@: version was not created due to validation failures (response body contains the error messages)h2. /versions/:id.:formath3. GETReturns the version of given id.+Example+:<pre>GET /versions/2.xml</pre>+Response+:<pre><code class="xml"><?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><version>  <id>2</id>  <project name="Redmine" id="1"/>  <name>0.8</name>  <description/>  <status>closed</status>  <due_date>2008-12-30</due_date>  <estimated_hours>0.0</estimated_hours>  <spent_hours>0.0</spent_hours>  <created_on>2008-03-09T12:52:12+01:00</created_on>  <updated_on>2009-11-15T12:22:12+01:00</updated_on></version></code></pre>h3. PUTUpdates the version of given id+Parameters+:Same as version creation+Response+:  * @204 No Content@: version was updated  * @422 Unprocessable Entity@: version was not updated due to validation failures (response body contains the error messages)h3. DELETEDeletes the version of given id.+Response+:  * @204 No Content@: version was deleted  * @422 Unprocessable Entity@: version was not deleted (response body contains the error messages)